feat: affected user identifier (#18)
codex-team/hawk.nodejs: README.md

 ```

This context object will be merged with global context if it exists.

#### Affected user

> You can send affected user data as a third param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send currently authenticated user data as a third param.
```

Available fields:

> - id `string` — User's identifier

Reviewer: use table
